VICTORIEUM

WHITE PAPER

www.victorieum.io

Table of Contents

Abstract 

 

Introduction 

Crypto Market 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fintech Market Analysis 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cryptocurrency: Worldwide Challenges for users 

Strict Regulations  

 

 

 

 

Lack of Contextual Info around Transactions 

 

 

Lack of full banking service for Cryptocurrencies 

Transaction Speeds 

Customer Service  

 

 

Availability of Crypto Assets 

Variety of Crypto products 

Victorieum as a solution 

CIVICTM 

 

TREZORTM   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Victorieum As An Investment   

Issuing of own deposit products 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Current Account to Corporate and Individual clients   

Saving Accounts   

 

 

Fixed term deposit accounts   

 

 

Set-up of mutual fund-like products 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Issuing Credit Cards through Mastercard / VISA Principal Members 

Checking Accounts 

 

Daily liquidity accounts  

Multi-Currency Accounts 

External services   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4

4

6

7

9

9

9

10

10

10

10

10

11

14

15

16

16

16

16

16

17

17

17

17

17

17

2

www.victorieum.ioTable of Contents

Currency exchange 

 

 

Investment Consultancy Services 

Insurance Brokerage 

 

 

 

 

 

Cryptocurrency Instant Swap to Fiat 

Crypto Backed Loans 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Basic Privileges of Victorieum token holders 

Risk Management 

 

Features of Victorieum   

ICO Details  

 

Financial Projections 

Roadmap 

 

Meet The Team 

Conclusion  

References  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

17

17

18

18

18

19

20

20

21

22

23

24

28

29

3

www.victorieum.ioAbstract 

This  paper  describes  a  revolutionary  combination  of  the  Ethereum  Blockchain 
technology  and  e-commerce  &  payment  ecosystem. The ARAW token  and  its  unique 
infrastructure  offers  e-commerce  and  service-providing  companies  to  standardise 
reward  programmes  as  well  as  expose  the  regular  people  to  the  cryptocurrency 
economy. Our solution is completely transparent and strives to make cryptocurrency 
accessible  to  the  regular  people.  From  the  customer  perspective,  there  will  be  no 
habitual change - for example, one of our offerings include the Araw Touch & Pay card 
to be used in tandem with every-day micropayments. 

The  main  goal  of  the  ARAW  token  is  to  build  the  Decentralised  Payment  Ecosystem 
for  E-Commerce  to  increase  the  Blockchain  adoption  for  regular  people  across  the 
world.  The  ARAW  token  ecosystem  offers  unified  reward  system  which  any  service-
providing entities can partake in. This allows virtually any company to further incentive 
consumption  of  their  service  as  they  provide  real  value  via  token  distribution  and 
expand their previously limited market of loyalty-reward consumers to the next level. 

The  paper  focuses  on  cutting-edge  technologies  that  support  the  e-commerce  & 
payment ecosystem including ‘Araw Pay for Online Payments’, ‘Open API Platform’, ‘Araw 
Touch & Pay Card’, ‘Unified Reward System’, ‘Peer-to-Peer Transfer’, ‘Araw Mobile Wallet’, 
and ‘Cryptocurrency Exchanges Integration’.

Introduction  

As  the  Global    Economy      rises  with  the  advances    in  technology,  most  of  them  can 
be witnessed in the field of IT   & Networking.   Blockchain, an  innovative   technology 
that is taking   over   the  industries rapidly is one such advance. With the Blockchain 
technology at play, 

4

www.victorieum.ioCryptocurrencies, Smart Contracts & Decentralized Apps are becoming popular, both 
commercially and at Personal Level. These blockchain applications are providing the 
individuals with an opportunity to trade, invest, or simply enjoy the seamless & ultra-
secure  transactions  over  the  internet.  However,  it  is  not  all  happy  on  the  green  on 
the  other  side.  Cryptocurrencies,  while  offering  the  power  of  anonymity,  speed,  and 
ease of transactions, are posing challenges to various governments and institutions. 
While  cryptocurrencies  are  inherently  robust  and  free  from  any  central  control,  they 
theoretically can be used for illegal activities as well. In such cases, the origin of the 
currency  and  people  involved  cannot  be  traced. Thus,  many  nations  and  banks  are 
against the use of Cryptocurrencies, and willing to ban them entirely. For instance, The 
High-handed  approach  taken  by  the  Chinese  government  to  prohibit  all  the  ‘Over-
the-counter’ crypto exchanges has created a plethora of challenges, obstacles, and 
inconveniences related to investments in Cryptocurrencies, analytics & related news in 
the Chinese region. It has been observed that the Chinese Blockchain & Crypto-investors 
face three  significant  problems. To  name them, they  are,  [1]Delayed&  Misinformation 
broadcasted from China regarding cryptocurrencies, Blockchain investments & industry 
trends, [2] Middle-aged and seasoned Chinese investors are interested in purchasing & 
investing in various cryptocurrencies. However, due to a ban in China, they are unable 
to  make  trade  transactions  related  to  Blockchain  currencies.  [3] The  third  challenge 
that this ban poses is the creation of an influential  Chinese  investors community who 
are  passionate about    Blockchain    technology & cryptocurrencies. Similar is the case 
with Indian Ecosystem. In India, cryptocurrencies are neither legal nor illegal, and they 
are unregulated. Even then, crypto investors are harassed by the authorities and tax 
department. It is being anticipated that India might ban cryptocurrencies as well.  To 
block users from trading/using cryptocurrencies, governments usually flag the banking 
channels of a user (Credit/debit cards, Net-Banking, etc.).

5

www.victorieum.ioIt  is  transparent  that  due  to  strict  regulations  and  a  complete  ban  on  usage  of 
cryptocurrencies, those passionate about it, and willing to make a fair & transparent 
investment suffer along with the lost opportunity. However, we believe that there can be 
a ‘Middle-ground’ for the said challenge. There is a solution for cryptocurrency usage 
through  which  transparent  investors  will  be  able  to  make  use  of  cryptocurrencies, 
and  security  concerns  will  be  kept  under  check  by  the  system.  Victorieum  is  such  a 
platform that aims to create an entirely separate ‘Crypto Banking System.’ Victorieum’s 
banking channels will be independent of any external influence and provide a secure 
cryptocurrency ecosystem for its users. Let us see how Victorieum is solving this global 
problem and how efficient is its operational model.

Crypto Market

The Cryptocurrency market is continually gaining 
traction ever since giants like Ethereum, Ripple, and 
Bitcoin made their mark in the worldwide economy. 
This  opens  a  window  of  opportunities  for  the 
investors looking to grow their funds by investing 
in the cryptomarket. However, the complexities of 
the  underlying  technology  end  up  overwhelming 
the  new  enthusiasts.  The  costs  of  investments 
are  volatile  and  always  dependent  on  the  ever-
changing demand of the coins. The market lacks 
a conventional structure that solves all investment 
requirements  by  bridging  the  financial  services 
along with the blockchain technology.

A lot of investors and businesses still hold their faith in the banking systems that return 
low rates of interests at a small risk model. Consequently, banking sectors are slowed 
down  due  to  extended  handshaking  protocols  and  several  old  school  verification 
processes. Bringing in blockchain technology in this environment will guarantee faster 
resource  access  and  allocation.  This  will,  in  turn,  reduce  the  cost  and  improve  the 
returns of the investors.
Victorieum  has  come  up  with  an  offshore  banking  system  to  create  the  necessary 
relationship  between  the  banking  and  cryptocurrency  environment.  The  integration 
with platforms like TrezorTM and CivicTMprovide the required security to make concrete 
and non-repudiable transactions using various currencies.
Several  countries  have  made  hindrances  in  trading  with  cryptocurrencies  and 
prohibited the use of bank or wire transfers to invest in any crypto-venture. To enable 
new investors belonging to these countries, the offshore banking system will introduce 
new  opportunities  to  make  worldwide  investments  by  the  click  of  a  button.  These 
services will facilitate clients’ access to finance and different worldwide investments 
and help to trade, deposit, withdraw to any bank or use our card to spend, with nominal 
fees.

6

www.victorieum.ioHigh-interest  loans  are  one  of  the  most  distressing  aspects  of  the  banking  sector. 
This  ends  up  displeasing  new  borrowers  and  businesses. To  tackle  the  situation,  the 
crypto backed loans are here to provide as low as 14% interests per annum. The client 
is conveniently saved from the bureaucracies and loads of paperwork involved in the 
traditional  loaning  systems.  Using  Victorieum,  the  borrower  goes  through  a  simple  4 
step process to approve their loan within 24 hours.
Another complication faced by crypto investors is the lack of a well-structured exchange 
platform. Using the existing exchange systems investors face challenges while making 
reliable  exchanges  between  different  cryptocurrencies  or  instating  fiat  currencies 
into cryptocurrencies and vice versa. This means the Victorieum exchange market is a 
stable, secure, ubiquitous, and transparent platform to provide instant SWAP between 
fiat currencies like USD, EURO, GBP and the major digital currencies.

Fintech Market Analysis

Fintech Corporations and Startups have been witnessing a constant funding since 2009 
(Capgemini Report). According to the report, Fintech startups have raised approximately 
USD 110 Billion from 2009 to 2017. The World Fintech report observed two crucial competitive 
keys for the industrial advantage. They are namely 1) Enhanced Customer Experience, 
and 2) Fast & Secure agile services. However, 76 percent of the participant companies 
also reported ‘Development & Improvisation of the existing financial products’ as a key 
to their competitive edge. 

A  comprehensive  report  by  Price  Waterhouse  Cooper  titled  ‘Redrawing  the  Lines: 
Fintech’s growing influence on Financial Services’ states that;

 • 82  Percent  of the  Fintech  incumbents  anticipate  a  growth  in  partnerships  by 

2021 and 2023.

 • The annual projected return for Fintech corps will average out to be 20 percent.
 •
77 Percent of the Fintech companies will adopt Blockchain technology, either in 
their products or in their processes.

7

www.victorieum.ioAccording to the  report,  financial  institutions  are  realizing the  disruptive  potential  of 
Fintech which is motivating them to innovate and improvise. For instance, 30 percent of 
the global Fintech players are incorporating Artificial Intelligence to either automate 
their processes, or aid in risk management. 

For this industry, challenges are as follows;

 • Data  storage,  privacy  protection,  and  information  security  is  the  major 

 •

regulatory barrier hindering 
innovation. This has been reported by 54 percent of the incumbent participants 
of the report.

 • Partnership with the traditional financial institutions in the ecosystem as they 

lack agility and often fail to meet the customer’s expectations.

However, the Fintech industry promises a huge potential yet to be released as it is less 
of  a  service  provider,  and  more  of  an  ‘enabler’  to  simplify  finances  for  the  common 
people. For instance, an increasing number of mobile devices can become a payments 
ecosystem worth USD 3 Trillion. Financial decision making will become another rapidly 
expanding domain as AI and Big Data technologies fuse with Fintech.

Fintech companies 

The annual projected 

Fintech companies 

anticpate a growth in 
partnerships by 2012 

return for Fintech 

corps

and 2013

will adopt Blockchain 
technology, either in 
their products in their 

processes

8

www.victorieum.ioCryptocurrency:
Worldwide Challenges for users

Cryptocurrency users & investors face the following challenges worldwide;

Strict Regulations
There  are  two  leagues  of  nations  on  the  world  map  when  it  comes  to 
Cryptocurrencies. First ones that are in favor of the technology (which are few in 
number), and the second league constitutes a group of  nations which are not in 
favor of the technology (Majority of them). While blockchain & crypto transaction 
platforms  can  be  accessed  from  anywhere  in  the  world,  it  depends  upon  the 
location of the user as to whether he/she can utilize the technology. As of now, 
non-standard regulations and low limits are a significant challenge.

Lack of Contextual Info around Transactions
Regular  payment  modes  always  have  a  mechanism  to  reflect  the  metadata 
or  ‘contextual  information’  regarding  a  particular  transaction.  This  metadata 
usually describes the origin of the transaction, end purpose of the transaction 
itself.  However,  this  is  not  the  case  with  cryptocurrency  payments. A  payment 
merchant  never  knows  where  the  transaction  originated,  where  it  is  directed 
to,  and  what  is  the  purpose  for  it.  This  is  the  major  concern  for  governments 
and regulatory authorities globally. This particular ‘anonymous’ attribute of the 
cryptocurrencies  makes  them  prone  to  illegal  activities. This  is  another  crypto 
challenge that needs to be addressed.

9

www.victorieum.ioLack of full banking service for Cryptocurrencies
Currently,  there  are  only  a  handful  of  platforms  that  aim  to  provide  full 
banking service to the crypto users. Services such as credit/debit cards, funds 
management,  financial  support,  loans,  Multi-currency  accounts,  Forex,  asset 
management,  Investment  Consultancy,  Daily  liquidity  accounts,  etc.  are  not 
altogether seen in a single platform. These facilities are deemed as a must for 
any banking ecosystem, especially cryptocurrencies when they are proliferating.

Transaction Speeds
Speed is another issue that Crypto users face on a daily basis. The complexities of 
the transaction mechanism end up compromising with the rate of transactions. 
This,  however,  is  also  affected  by  the  intermediary  ‘Miners’  that  maintain  the 
transactions  on  a  public  ledger.  The  purchases  are  also  slowed  down  by  the 
handshaking process among all the intermediary nodes.

Customer Service
The  leading  blockchain  giants  of  the  industry  fail  to  serve  their  stakeholders 
regarding their queries or step-by-step guidance throughout the process. Many 
enthused  investor  are  overwhelmed  by  the  complexities  of  technology  and 
are desperately looking for advice to help them with their investments. This, in 
turn,  effects  the  ROIs  for  the  enterprise.  By  creating  a  procedural  system  with 
guiding  systems  that  answer  user  query,  an  enterprise  can  ensure  traction  at 
their platform.

Availability of Crypto Assets
The world is still unsure to classify crypto coins as assets. This is usually because of 
the volatility in the industry. The crypto industry lacks a defined infrastructure to 
implement conventional methods of savings such as term deposits or a savings 
account. Amalgamating the banking sector into a blockchain environment will 
bring the required stability to the system. This will also give conventional investors 
an acquainted mode of savings.

Variety of Crypto products
The market is saturated with the redundant business models and transactional 
systems. This has left little scope for the upcoming new ventures looking to make a 
mark in the crypto industry. The crypto market requires a set of variety concerning 
applications of blockchain and how it will affect other business sectors. A wide 
range of possibilities is yet to be discovered in the crypto market.

10

www.victorieum.ioVictorieum as a solution

The Victorieum Offshore bank supports a variety of cryptocurrencies hence enabling 
the  user  to  handle  seamlessly,  and  trade  in  different  available  currencies.  This  has 
conveniently  helped them to  maintain  a  business  portfolio  and  diversify their  crypto 
assets. 

A Victorieum user enjoys full bank account details where International Bank Account 
Number (IBAN) and Bank Identifier Code (BIC) are used as an account number and sort 
code written in a standard, internationally recognized format. They will help to process 
international  payments  automatically,  making  them  faster,  safer  and  more  cost-
effective.

Swift Transfers  MT103:  MT103  is  a  swift  payment  message  type/format  used  for  cash 
transfer  specifically  for  cross-border/international  wire  transfer.  The  technology 
facilitates instant SWAP between cryptocurrencies and fiat along with the support of 
different fiat currencies including USD, EURO, GBP, etc. 

Victorieum  provides  customer  service  in  12  languages  and  is  available  24/7  to  our 
customers. The  users  are  also  rewarded with  free victorieum  debit  &  credit  cards  for 
ICO investors. These cards are available in three variants that include silver, gold, and 
platinum.

Victorieum expossesses the essential tools for the development of an exchange that is 
capable of better meeting the needs of its users and providing the trust and scalability 
desired by the market Performance.

The Victorieumex also delivers the 
following features:

1  The  Victorieum  exchange  will  be  connected  to  Victorieum  bank.  As  a  result,  the 

instate fiat deposits and withdraws will be smooth and fast.

2  The team  is  highly  experienced  in  marketing  and  managing which will  guarantee 

huge volume of trading.

3  Victorieum has an experienced web development team that is ready to implement 
the  best  exchange  software  and  develop  app-related  transaction  services  using 
the blockchain network.

4  Platforms like TrezorTM and CivicTM are integrated into the exchange as well as other 
similar smart technologies are utilized to provide clients with the highest guarantee 
of security that is available on the market.

11

www.victorieum.io5  Fiat and Crypto Swaps: Instant swaps between crypto and fiat will be implemented. 

The exchange  will start with USD and EUR, with more to follow as we move along.

6  Leading-edge Software: Victorieum software uses industry-leading technology, with 

features that no other exchange possesses.

7  Trades with Discount: Victorieum Token Holders will receive significant discounts on 
trades. Depending on the number of Victorieum Token they hold, this could result in 
up to 90% discounts on trades.

8  Referral  Program:  the  referral  program  will  pay  30%  of  user  fees  to  whoever  is 

indicated.

9  Personal managers to Vip clients deposit and withdraw above US$100000.
10  Sms and emails to clients about their favorite coins with live prices.

Traditional Banks Vs. Victorieum Bank

12

www.victorieum.ioVictorieum Vs. Other Cryptobanks

13

www.victorieum.ioCIVICTM 

Civic’s provide a novelty in identity verification for blockchain technology that creates 
real time customer authorizations. The environment facilitates low-cost, highly resilient 
security.  Civic  creates  on-demand  access  to  User  identification  and  verification  by 
utilizing blockchain services.
The  Civic  platform  aims  to  create  digital  identities  for  every  blockchain  user  so  that 
they can utilize encrypted communications to make secured and private transactions. 
This  enhances  the  security  and  reliability  of  the  blockchain  environment  and  create 
more traction for new investors.

This includes the following features:

Secure ID Platform
Secure ID Platform
Civic Secure ID creates access keys for your user authentication. This is done without the 
use of any username, password, third-party authenticator, or physical hardware token. 
The services are made possible by decentralized architecture with the blockchain and 
biometrics on the mobile device. 

Reusable KYC
Civic  provides  easy-to-use,  reliable,  and  blockchain-based  tool  that  requires  more 
than  the  conventional  verification  services.  The  global  platform  enables  scanning 
and verification of user document, like licenses, passport, utility bills, and Accredited 
Investor Checks.

ID Theft Protection
The  Civic  platform  delivers  secured  methodologies  to  ensure  theft  protection.  Te 
services include credit monitoring alerts provided through an integration TransUnion. 
The transactions are automatedly monitored and responds to suspicious activities. 
The  credit  bureau  is  used  to  audit  standard  credit  applications  where  the  users  are 
regularly  notified  with  monitoring  alerts  provided  with  the  help  of  TransUnion.  The 
system sends prompt notifications by making preliminary checks to identify suspicious 
activities and track malicious users. The credit bureau alerts enable users to take control 
of their identity. 

14

www.victorieum.ioTREZORTM 

Trezor is among the most reliable and ubiquitous hardware wallets around the globe. 
It  offers  services  like  password  management  and  cryptocurrency  security  without 
compromising with the usability of the platform. Trezor provides the following features:

Offline Information Storage
The online data is prone to theft or security breach. Similarly, a significant issue occurs 
when  online  exchanges  and  wallet  providers  disappear.  This  means  the  data  is  not 
reliably stored on such online platforms.

Going  offline  is  an  effective yet  simplistic  solution to this  problem. Trezor’s  hardware 
wallet provides a recovery seed to secure the Trezor hardware wallet. This wallet is the 
safest way to manage and transact your cryptocurrencies.
In  a  case  where  user’s  device  is  stolen,  damaged  or  lost,  they  can  conveniently  use 
the recovery seeds to recover the access to the user wallet, passwords and other data 
associated with it. 

The recovery seed is a 12 to 24 words long string which makes the entire wallet accessible 
at all times.

Cross Compatibility
Th recovery seeds issued by Trezor are created by SatoshiLabs. These seeds follow a 
specific standard, widely used and compatible with many wallet apps.

15

www.victorieum.ioVictorieum As An Investment

Victorieum  platform  provides  many  banking 
services including banking, bank cards, crypto 
backed 
loans,  crypto  exchange,  passive 
income program for investors, and many more. 
Both E-wallet and a C-wallet will support the 
online trading  environment. The  E-wallet will 
be used for making banking transactions or 
peer to peer payments. These payments will 
be supported by verification code to be sent 
via  phone  call,  SMS,  or  Email.  On  the  other 
hand,  the  C-wallet  provides  support  to  the 
user  to  handle  different  cryptocurrencies 
and make instant transactions.

Issuing of own deposit products
The  platform  delivers  easily  accessible  deposit  products that  can  be  made  in 
almost no time. The user gets to choose from a variety of deposit type according 
to their needs concerning savings deposits or liquidity.

Current Account to Corporate and Individual clients
A  current  account  is  made  by  an  individual  or  corporate  organization to  keep 
funds available at all points. The user is capable of depositing, withdrawing or 
transferring money at any instance. 

Saving Accounts
Similar  to  a  current  account  the  savings  account  enables  the  user  to  deposit 
and withdraw  money  at  all times.  However, the  user  is  constructed  in terms  of 
frequency of withdrawal. Since the account is made with the intentions of creating 
subsequent savings, the user gets comparatively higher rates of interests on their 
deposits.

Fixed term deposit accounts
A fixed term deposit account is a contract agreement between the client and the 
bank. The client creates a deposit of a certain amount for a set time where the 
bank is obligated to pay out the interest in a bounded time.

16

www.victorieum.ioSet-up of mutual fund-like products
Mutual-funds are widely used investment alternative used by new investors who 
are unsure of their investment needs and choices. A user deposits their funds to 
a skilled investor that makes well-informed decision to gain profit on the given 
investment. This is definitely a safer alternative to the direct investment in stocks 
and bonds.

Issuing Credit Cards through Mastercard / VISA Principal Members
Users of the platform will be able to get Mastercard / VISA credit or debit card 
and use them anywhere in the world. The required verification will be simplified 
using the platform and conducted through secure processing and validation. 

Checking Accounts
The user is able to access their account information and view your transaction 
history.

Daily liquidity accounts
The platform also enables the users to maintain liquidity. The user is capable of 
making payments and store money at their disposal.

Multi-Currency Accounts
With  the  increase  in  crypto  assets,  it  is  essential  to  maintain  a  multi-currency 
account that lets you trade in different currencies either crypto or fiat.

External services
Services like Forex enable the investors to make foreign trades. Facilities like Forex 
are available through other providers (e.g., through an out-sourced FX provider 
license in Vanuatu).

Currency exchange
MT103 is a swift payment message type/format used for cash transfer specifically 
for cross-border/ international wire transfer. Other currency exchanges, either fiat 
or encrypted currencies are also available on the Victorieum exchange platform. 

Investment Consultancy Services
Victorieum also gives step by step guidance to users to reduce the procedural 
complexities and generate confidence amongst the new coming investors. This 
means the  user  can  now  learn  as they  are  on their way  of  investment  growth.
history.

17

www.victorieum.ioInsurance Brokerage
The user enjoys procedural guidance to issue loans and insurances that are most 
suited to their requirements. Investors and borrowers get service support as they 
are granting or applying for new funds..

Cryptocurrency Instant Swap to Fiat
Users are able to maintain liquidity at all points. They will always enjoy the liberty 
of converting their crypto assets to fiat currencies.

Crypto Backed Loans
The users will be able to lend money from the platform through a four-step process. 
Users of Victorieum platform will be saved from the hassles of bureaucracy and 
can avail a loan within 24 hours.

18

www.victorieum.ioBasic Privileges of Victorieum token holders; 

Victorieum  token  holders  will  be  entitled  to  the  following  privileges  provided  by  the 
platform;

 • Bonus on token purchase from 15 percent to a 
maximum of 40 percent during the ICO rounds.
 • Savings account and Daily liquidity accounts.
 • Dedicated  manager  for  deposits  equaling  or 

exceeding USD 100,000.

 • Exclusive trading opportunities between fiat & 
non-fiat currencies via Victorieumex platform. 
 • Full  one-time  KYC  to  avail  all  the  Victorieum 

facilities.

 • Secure, fast, and robust platform ensuring the 

highest level of service with safety.
 • Users  can  avail  crypto-backed 

loans  and 

insurance coverages.

Free bank cards:
Silver , Gold , Platinum depending on how many tokens the users hold.

 • Number  of  tokens  required  to  obtain    the  status: 

10000 VTM
15% discount for: Exchange and Money Transfer

 •
 • Cash Withdrawal
 • Fees for Interbank
 • Transfers - 0,5% Cashback, +0,5% Time Deposit

 • Number  of  tokens  required  to  obtain  the  status: 

100000 VTM

 • 30% discount for: Exchange and Money Transfer
 • Cash Withdrawal
 • Fees for Interbank
 • Transfers - 1% Cashback, +1,2% Time Deposit

 • Number  of  tokens  required  to  obtain  the  status: 

200000 VTM

 • 50% discount for: Exchange and Money Transfer
 • Cash Withdrawal
 • Fees for Interbank
 • Transfers - 1,5% Cashback, +1,5% Time Deposit

19

www.victorieum.ioRisk Management

For the structure of Loans, the volatility of the market is compromised by an eventual 
balancing  of  resources.  In  a  situation  where  the  prices  of  collateral  crypto  coins  go 
down, the borrowers are expected to increase the collateral.

To their  comfort, we will  also  allow  a  specific time  slot  so that they  can  make  up  for 
the differences. If they fail to do so, we will be compelled to sell the coins to avoid any 
further loss.

 •

 •

In case the price of Bitcoin or Ethereum goes down, the borrower fills in more 
coins as collateral.
In a case cryptocurrency appreciate in value, the Victorieum bank increases 
the loan limit.

Features of Victorieum

Victorieum  coin  amalgamates the  banking  sector  with the  blockchain technology.  It 
gives a reliable, secure, and consistent system to meet all banking needs at the comfort 
of their home.

It’s regulated offshore bank, and regulated exchange delivers high security giving the 
clients access to finance and different worldwide investments. They can trade, deposit, 
withdraw to any bank or to Mastercard/Visa card to spend, with underlying fees.

The Victorieum platform offers loan at 14% that can be validated within 24 hours. Availing 
a loan involves the following four steps:

Step  1:  The  Client  transfers  Crypto  Assets  to  the  Victorieum  Bank  Wallet.  Once  the 
relevant blockchain confirmations for the respective crypto asset are received.

Step  2:  The  Client  Receives  Instant  Loan  in  USD  or  EURO,  the  Loan  limit  is  instantly 
available by bank transfer to his account or to client Victorieum bank account which is 
connected to Victorieum bank card. The clients can choose the most convenient way 
to use their cash, as well as the currencies in which they would like to receive the funds. 
The loan limit is based on the market value of the crypto assets in the Victorieum bank 
Wallet. Should the cryptocurrency appreciate in value, the Victorieum bank increases 
the loan limit.

Step 3: The Client Repays Loan their flexible loans via bank transfer to Victorieum bank 
account.

Step 4: If the crypto assets in the wallet meet the required limits of the outstanding loan 
balance, clients can withdraw part or all exceeding amount at any given time. Once the 
loan is fully repaid, clients can withdraw all the crypto assets in the wallet.

20

www.victorieum.ioICO Details

The Initial coin offering will begin by creating giving out in total of 1 billion coins. The 
cost of the offering will be as follows:

The token distribution for the total of 1 billion tokens will be as follows:

)
s
n
o

i
l
l
i

M
n

 

I
(
 

n
o
i
t
u
b
i
r
t
s
D
n
e
k
o
T

 

i

800

700

600

500

400

300

200

100

0

765

Sales & Bonuses
Bounty & Marketing
Reserved for Development
Team
Advisors
Founder & Co-Founder
Hard Cap (31 Million)
Soft Cap (5 Million)

75

35

50

25

50

76.5%

3.5%

7.5%
Token Distribution (In Percentage)

5.0%

2.5%

5.0%

31

Hard
Cap

5

Soft
Cap

21

www.victorieum.ioPresale: 100 millionStage 1: 100 millionStage 2: 100 millionStage 3: 100 millionStage 4: 100 millionStage 5: 100 million1 cent per token6 cent per token6 cent per token6 cent per token6 cent per token6 cent per token40%35%30%25%20%15%Token salePriceBonusAccepted Currencies:

Bitcoin

Ethereum

Restricted 

countries: USA

Financial Projections

Expenses Forecast (5 Year Plan)

Expenditure ($)

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Marketing

200,000

1,530,500

6,010,300

13,050,000

32,000,000

Licenses

71,000

10,000,000

2,850,550

1,175,300

571,000

Operations

50,000

1,635,000

3,388,000

10,125,000

29,080,000

Fee

Interest

Taxes

Audit

Blockchain  
Development

100,000

483,000

1,932,000

8,626,000

18,700,800

0

0

0

0

0

0

510,000

1,700,400

9,044,000

886,000

6,342,225

13,100,300

174,000

412,000

751,339

68,800

14,270,000

11,080,500

7,451,000

12,050,765

Total Expenses ($)

489,800

27,918,500

26,831,350

48,881,925

115,298,204

Revenue Forecast (5 Year Plan)

Revenue ($)

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Fee

Consulting

Brokerage

ROI (BE)

Transactions

Acquisitions

Total Revenue ($)

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

3,212,000

28,750,600

58,436,200

123,727,040

455,000

2,127,000

5,187,550

10,375,100

918,200

5,566,200

11,689,020

39,742,668

0

3,223,500

8,219,925

24,988,572

336,277

2,723,843

3,073,865

4,525,863

35,600

370,240

3,184,064

7,004,940

4,957,077

42,761,383

89,790,624

210,364,183

22

www.victorieum.ioRoadmap

The implementation phase will unfold according to the following timeline:

23

www.victorieum.ioMeet The Team

is  an 

Meshal Alenezi (CEO & Founder)
An experienced self-employed professional with a demonstrated 
history of working successfully in the financial services industry. 
Meshal 
investment  services  professional  with  years 
of  experience  in  Private  Equity  investments,  along  with  vast 
experience in Managing private investments for VIPs in different 
sectors  of  finance  industry.  Skilled  in  Negotiation,  Customer 
Service,  Sales,  Strategic  Planning,  and  Marketing  Strategy, 
Meshal is a highly sought-after entrepreneur holding a Bachelor of 
Business Administration - BBA focused in Business Administration 
and Management, Moscow State University of Economics. MBA in 
finance and financial services, University of Liverpool. Currently, 
Meshal is looking after Private investment from GCC Countries in 
the Kazan City. Connect with him on LinkedIn here

Pavel Kazimirenko (IT Manager)
Pavel is a Professional Software Developer and the CEO of IT Top 
Group. He holds cutting edge skills and experience in Enterprise 
cyber-security  and  Blockchain  technology.  Connect  with  him 
over LinkedIn.

Anton Polevich (Marketing Manager)
Anton has been active in the IT sphere since 2011, well known for 
launching 4 startups and 2 traditional businesses. As a Marketing 
Manager,  he  has  launched  about  100  web  and  20  Marketing 
projects.  In  2016,  he  became  the  CMO  of  the  international  IT 
company  Mediapark.  In  2017  he  took  over  as  the  COO  of  the 
project Travelchain.io.

Maksim Halinouski (Technical Project Manager)
He  is  currently  the  COO  at  SociumTrase.  His  responsibilities 
include managing teams of developers for outsourced projects 
and  development  of  in-house  and  client  applications.  Maksim 
is passionate about creating unique and useful experiences for 
our users and clients. His mission and philosophy are to create 
value  for  the  clients.  He  holds  specialist  experience  in  web 
development,  Mobile  Development,  Game  development,  and 
Software Project Management. He can be reached via LinkedIn. 

24

www.victorieum.ioSaket Singh (Social Media & Channels Manager)
Saket  started  SixPL,  a  digital  marketing  agency,  in  July  2013. 
Today,  the  company  has  two  branches  in  Delhi  NCR  and  has 
served  more  than  580  clients.  My  key  responsibilities  include 
driving capital efficiency, expanding footprints, and ensuring the 
quality of service delivery. Prior to founding SixPL, I worked in HR 
Consulting, BFSI and Education Sector. 
I am also a crypto enthusiast and have helped many organizations 
raise funds through ICO and build groundbreaking projects. He 
has managed to generate over USD 30 Million in sales using Digital 
Marketing as his passion. He can be reached over LinkedIn.

Antoun Toubia (Financial Advisor)
Antoun  is  an  investment  services  professional  with  years  of 
experience  in  Private  Equity  investments,  venture  capital  and 
Blockchain  Technology.  He  is  currently  building  a  new  type  of 
Private Equity Portfolio Fund based on the Blockchain technology 
and has already secured several project agreements including 
government backed contracts. Through his extensive network, he 
is bringing high value projects to the STO market. Antoun brings 
expertise  in  JV  negotiations,  acquisitions,  ICOs  and  venture 
financing  deals.  His  portfolio  currently 
includes  diversified 
projects across several markets including Fintech, Green Energy, 
medical technology, industrial technology and IT.

Maroun Mourani (Sales & Marketing Advisor)
Maroun  is  the  Regional  Manager  at  United  Capital  Investment 
S.A.  His  expertise  lies  in  the  field  of  international  Business 
development  and  Sales,  Software  and  hardware  expertise, 
technical  Sales,  pre-sales,  project  management,  software 
architecture  and  design,  building,  programming,  development 
and deployment of applications, website and complex portals as 
well as defense C4I and Tactical deployment. He is also an expert 
in commercial, military, defense technologies for the Middle East 
and African market. 
Maroun’s Fintech skills include ICO investors, Project Management, 
PR and Marketing, Banner Ads, Business Plan Consulting, White 
Paper  Assistance,  Due  Diligence  Report,  Legal  Services,  ICO 
Landing  Page  Creation,  ICO  Participant  Accounts,  ICO  Token 
Issuance,  ICO  Customer  Service,  Token  Exchange  Listing  on 
several exchanges, and Post-ICO blockchain engineering.

25

www.victorieum.ioYaser Ali Mohra 
(Blockchain Advisor & Project Management)

 

Yaser  is  the  Co-founder  of  DIBS.ae  &  Expert  on  decentralized 
Blockchain technology and Regional Manager at United Capital 
Investments  S.A.  He  is  a  Creator,  Dreamer,  Serial  entrepreneur, 
this half of the Mohra Brothers (read The Blockchain Brothers) is 
also the  Co-Founder  of  Dubai  International  Blockchain  Summit 
the region’s flagship blockchain event. 
Yaser is the Managing Director of ECS Network which specializes 
in the design, consultancy, and advisory services for blockchain 
and crypto technology projects. He serves as a board member 
for several successful ICOs and other Blockchain initiatives. 
Yaser began exploring blockchain in 2011 and became very active 
within the community. He currently spends his days advising high 
profile  investors  on  ICOs  with  potential  and  mentoring  several 
entrepreneurs and startups. A Coventry University graduate with 
a Masters in Computer Science, Yaser is an avid sports enthusiast 
and active golfer.

Paresh Masani (Advisor & Blockchain Security Expert)
Paresh  is  a  Gold  Medalist  and  obtained  a  master’s  Degree  in 
Computer Science from one of the most prestigious universities 
in  India,  National  Institute  of  Technology,  Trichy.  Previously  he 
was an Executive Director of top investment banks like Goldman 
Sachs and Barclays Bank. Paresh is an expert in running ICO end-
to-end contributing in blockchain architecture, vision & strategy, 
and  overall  platform  infrastructure,  content  writing,  marketing, 
and  developing  the  community  through  Airdrop  and  bounty 
campaigns.
He demonstrates the solid understanding of FinTech business and 
technology and has a proven track record of running successful 
businesses. He  specializes  in technology  and  has  more than  10 
years’ experience as technical lead and full-stack developer for 
some of the critical banking and finance projects. Paresh is also 
an expert in security, cryptography, blockchain technology, and 
end-to-end system development.
Paresh  will  play  a  significant  role  in  Victorieum  mostly  due  to 
his excellent  knowledge and experience in  development  of the 
community, security and blockchain technology.

26

www.victorieum.ioNaviin Kapoor (Blockchain & Banking Advisor)
Naviin  Kapoor,  a  blockchain  consultant  and  a  business 
transformation leader with more than twelve years of experience 
in  project  management  and  business  analysis  and  more  than 
one  year  of  experience  in  ethereum,  bitcoin,  hyperledger,  EOS, 
consensus  protocol  and  distributed/shared  ledger  tecnology. 
He has also attained various industry certifications such as PMP, 
CBAP, ITIL & Professional Scrum Master Level 1.
He  had  worked  on  various  banking  transformation  projects  - 
“sustainable  and  disruption”,  which  were  initiated  in  various 
domains such as Retail Banking, Cash Management, Integrated 
Liquidity Management (ILM), Corporate Banking, Asset & Wealth 
Management,  Financial  Messaging,  Regulatory  Sanctions 
Filtering  and  Local  and  International  Payment  Systems.  His 
proficiency 
in  handling  Project  Life-Cycle  Management, 
requirement  elicitation,  feasibility  study,  planning,  scheduling, 
tracking, assessment/design, testing, change management and 
implementation support in both Waterfall and Agile environment 
is outstanding. He has good understanding of cryptography, 
including asymmetric (pub/priv key), symmetric, hash functions, 
encryption/signatures. Moreover, he is detail-oriented and skilled 
in the analysis, design and re-engineering of system applications 
and business process improvement. 
Currently,  Naviin  is  working  on  digital  transformation  projects 
and providing consultation on blockchain, cryptocurrencies and 
ICOs.

Faisal Shehzad Khan (Blockchain & Banking Advisor)
Faisal is a seasoned IT professional with 17 years of experience 
in  Banking  solutions  especially      domain.  Solution  Evangelist, 
Goal  Oriented,  Self-Motivating,  Versatile  Techno  Functional 
IT  Management  Executive  with  a  process-driven  and  result-
focused approach. He Possesses an in-depth understanding of 
enterprise solutions & digital transformation. Excellent leadership, 
negotiation and presentation skills.
Faisal is passionate about innovation, alternate channels, open 
banking,  enterprise  strategy, to  keep the  enterprise  “Safe”  and 
“Running” with hunger to learn and progress.

27

www.victorieum.ioGiovanni Casagranden (Advisor & Growth Hacker)
Giovanni  is  a  notable  blockchain  industry  figurehead,  growth 
hacker and he is a co-founder of Black Marketing Guru, a digital 
marketing  and  advertising  startup  based  in  Rimini,  Italy.  He  is 
also an Ico bench Top20 Expert and blog editor also advisor in a 
lot of projects. Connect with him via LinkedIn. 

Giacomo Arcaro (Advisor)
Giacomo is IcoBench Expert, co-founder of Black-Marketing Guru, 
one  of  the  most  important  European  Growth  Hackers  featured 
on the Financial Times, IlSole24Ore and Los Angeles Times
https://www.linkedin.com/in/giacomo-arcaro-crypto/

Conclusion

The Victorieum offshore bank is set to revolutionize both banking and cryptocurrency 
sector. The reliability of bank deposits along with security of the blockchain will bring 
the required harmony in the field of crypto-investments. Users will now be able to create 
digital funds and online deposits in no time. This will also enable to avail them loans at 
low interest rates. The offshore banking will also facilitate users to create current, term 
deposit, savings account.

The integration with platforms like TrezorTM and CivicTM provides the required security to 
make concrete and non-repudiable transactions using various currencies.  Victorieum’s 
banking channels will be independent of any external influence and provide a secure 
cryptocurrency ecosystem for its users. Victorieumex possesses the essential tools for 
the development of an exchange that is capable of better meeting the needs of its users 
and providing the trust and scalability desired by the market Performance. Victorieum 
proudly  stands  on  the  shoulders  of  those  prototypes.  Victorieum  is  a  leap  forward, 
providing a holistic solution that combines on- and off-chain services and protocols, 
now purpose-built for utility and the necessary replacement of end-of-life, traditionally 
centralized architectures. It is a revolution: Blockchain reimagined and evolved.

28

www.victorieum.ioReferences

 • Unknown (2018). Locational Banking Statistics. [Online]. Retrieved from: 

 

https://www.bis.org/statistics/bankstats.htm

 • BIS  (2018).  Global  Coverage  of  BIS  Locational  Banking  Statistics.  [Online]. 

RetrivedFrom: https://www.bis.org/statistics/lbs_globalcoverage.pdf

 • Taggart, M., (2018). Banks Have Found A New Product: Cryptocurrencies. [Online]. 
from:  https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2018/04/11/

Retrieved 
banks-have-found-a-new-product-cryptocurrencies/#6cfea7e24dcc

 • RaboBank (2018). Cryptocurrency or the future of payments. [Online]. Retrieved 
From:https://www.rabobank.com/en/about-rabobank/customer-focus/
innovation/tech-trends/articles/cryptocurrency-or-the-future-of-payments.
html

 • Mai, H., (2018). Why Would We Use Crypto Euros?.[Online]. Retrieved Home: https://

www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-PROD/PROD0000000000462095.PDF

www.t.me/joinchat/HdDbcxDJ2MUC5tncCwP4Ig

www.medium.com/@victorieum

www.facebook.com/groups/722410018103587/

@Victorieum1

www.linkedin.com/company/victorieum/

