 

 

Disclaimer 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

it be considered,
 
 
 

  
This document, called White Paper from now onwards, has been prepared to introduce the
 
InnovaMinex project to potential participants and all those interested in contributing to its
 
development. It is possible that the following information might not be complete. Neither does
 
it represent any contractual relationship.
 
Is sole purpose is to provide information on
 
 
InnovaMinex. 
  
No part of this White Paper shall be considered as a commercial leaflet or as collaboration
 
 
 
request. Neither shall
in any way, as an offer to purchase shares in any
 
jurisdiction whatsoever. This document has not been written according to, nor subject to, any
 
law or regulation from any particular jurisdiction with the purpose of protecting the interested
 
 
parties. 
  
information contained in this White Paper
Certain statements, estimates and financial
 
 
constitute an ante report. Such statements or ante report imply risks and uncertainties that
 
 
may cause that the real events or results materially differ from the estimates or the implicit
 
results expressed in such statements.   
  
The Spanish version of the White Paper is the main and only official source of information
 
 
related to the InnovaMinex project and its issue of INX. The information contained in this
document could be translated into other languages or it might me used to establish verbal or
 
written communication channels with potential partners or members of the project. 
  
 
As a result of its translation, part of the information contained in this document might be
omitted, corrupted or distorted. In the event of any inconsistency between the official White
 
 
Paper written in Spanish and any of its translations or communications, the provisions of the
original document in Spanish shall have priority and shall prevail. InnovaMinex OÜ reserves the
 
right to make changes in the White Paper. In the event of any difference or differences
 
between the different versions of the document, the last version of the White Paper published
 
in the ​www.innovaminex.com web site shall prevail, and any other version previously published
 
shall be deemed invalid in all its  iterations and representations.   
  
The applicable jurisdiction for anyone willing to purchase INX shall be the one established in
 
 
the Spanish territory, not being InnovaMinex responsible for the regulations of the country of
 
origin of
information contained in this White Paper and in
 
https://www.innovaminex.com ​has a purely descriptive character, is non-binding and it is not
 
part of the terms and conditions for the generation of INX (henceforward, the “Terms”). 
  
Notably, the concerned party should be aware that the purchase of InnovaMinex INX could
 
entail high risks. Please, consult the section on risks in the Terms to obtain further information. 
If any interested party does purchase INX, InnovaMinex OÜ might request him/her personal
 
 
information or information about the procedence of the perceived funds. 
 
 
 

 
the buyer.
 

The
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 1 

 

1. MARKET​ ​AND INDUSTRY 

■ Precious metals as an investment 

● Gold ore 
● The price of gold 
● Silver ore 
● The price of silver 
● What is mining? 
● Mining methods  
● The mining life cycle 
● Important concepts 
● Green mining 
● Mining concessions 

 

2. ​WHAT IS ​ INNOVAMINEX​? 

■ Mining Project 

● Vereda Guayaquil gold deposit 

- Polymetallic mine 
- Why this mine? 
- Situation​ of our first exploitation 
- Production costs 
- Security controls 
- Companies and licenses 
- Technical timing and timing for the commencement of works 

● Other mining projects 

■ Refinery 

● Services and products 

- Smelting 
- Analysis 
- Refining 
- Granulation 
- Remanufacturing 
- Separation 
- Recovering 
- Crucibles 
- Threads & wires  
- Salts 
- Cryptocurrency casts  

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 2 

 

● Buying and selling metals 

- Purchase of metals 
- Sale of metals 

■ E-commerce 
■ ATMs 
■ Gross margin of projects 

 
3. INX: ​OUR CRYPTOCURRENCY

 

■ Technical specifications 

● Introduction 
● Executive summary 
● History of hashing functions 
● RazielCore algorithm 
● Distribution 
● InnovaMinex Thunder Network 

■ Key Advantages of InnovaMinex 
■ INX Utility 
■ Loyalty Program 
■ INX Value 
■ INX Details 
■ INX Distribution 
■ INX Sales 
■ Funds Use 

 

4. ​ROADMAP 
 
5. ​US 

■ Team 
■ Advisors & ambassadors 
■ Partners 
■ Ambassadors 

 
6. ​SOCIAL PROJECT 
 
 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 3 

 

1. Market​ and industry 
 
Precious metals​ as an ​investment 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
Precious metals are unique assets: they are scarce, albeit highly liquid. They not
only have financial value, but they also have an emotional and cultural value
 
attached to them. 
Investors range from individuals to pension funds and sovereign wealth funds,
 
 
located  in both, developed and emerging markets. 
 
Gold: the most precious metal 
 
 
“The modern gold market is a picture of diversity and growth. Since the early
1970s, the volume of gold produced each year has tripled, the amount of gold
 
bought annually has quadrupled and gold markets have flourished across the
 
 
globe” *. 
 
Key facts that investors should know: 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

● Gold is a main asset driven by many factors, not just by investment
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

demand. 

● Gold is one of the most effective diversifiers. 
● Gold provides competitive returns compared to other important financial
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

assets. 

● Over time,
 

 

fiduciary coins,
 

 

compared to gold. 

including US dollars, tend to lose value
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Hence, the combination of these factors means that adding gold to a portfolio
 
 
can improve risk-adjusted returns. 
 
*  ​https://www.gold.org/about-gold/gold-demand​. 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 4 

 

Demand for gold 
 
Presently gold is being purchased by a cluster of consumers and investors that
 
is much more diverse than at any given time in history. 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Annual average gold demand: 
~ ​4.100​ tons  /  ~ US$ ​166​ billion 

 

Demand estimates by sector * : 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
The different uses of gold – jewellery, investments, technology, as the reserve of
 
central banks – make different market sectors reach prominence at different
 
times of the global economic cycle. 
 
This diversity of demand and the self-balanced nature of the gold market
 
sustain the solid qualities of gold as an investment asset. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(*) Based on 10-year average demand estimates ending in 2026. Figures may not add up to
 
100% due to rounding.​ ​Source: Thomson Reuters GFMS, World Gold Council 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 5 

 

Silver: another precious metal 
 
Investment in silver is considered the small sister of investment in gold, so
 
much so that silver follows the movements of gold very closely.  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Facts and data investors should consider:  

 

● Even though silver follows the movements of gold, it moves much faster.
 

 
For every 1% variation in the price of gold, silver does so by 3%.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

● Silver is – together with gold – a safe investment, since throughout history
 

 
it has always maintained its status as a precious metal. 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

● It offers competitive returns, only behind gold. 

 

Annual average silver demand: 

~ ​25.000​ tons 

 

● Over 54% was destined for industrial use. 
● Over 20% was converted into coins and bars. 
● Over 20% was used in jewelry. 
● The remaining 5% was used for cutlery. 

 
(*)  Source: The silver institute. 
 

 

 

 

 

As we can see, silver is a metal with a very diversified demand, which plays a
 
positive role in maintaining its value as a precious metal. The photovoltaic and
 
electronic industries constantly use silver due to its unique properties. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 6 

 

Gold ore 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 
 

Gold is one of the minerals
 
most exploited since ancient
 
The
times by humankind.
 
 
uniqueness of this material, its
 
 
 
beauty and its ability to remain
 
 
time, has
unchanged over
 
served to maintain its great
 
 
value since the dawn of time. 

 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 
 

Among the physical properties
 
of gold are its remarkable conductivity of electricity and heat. It is also highly
 
 
resistant to almost virtually all existing chemicals, except regal water (mixture of
 
hydrochloric acid and nitric acid), and substances such as potassium or sodium
 
cyanide, the latter being used industrially to release gold (known as "gold
 
 
cyanidation”). 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
This material’s inalterability and ease to be manipulated have allowed jewelry
and ornamentation industries to utilise it in multiple shapes and for different
 
 
uses. 
 
The price of gold 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Undoubtedly, gold is a precious commodity in the stock market. In fact, there
have been times when price increased significantly, as occurred in the 1970s, a
 
 
decade that began with a price of $ 35 per troy ounce which rose up to $ 850,
 
i.e., over 2,300% in just 10 years. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Experts point out that we are presently living in a very similar environment to
 
the one existing in the 1970s, in fact, the pattern of behavior is very similar. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

Therefore, we are facing a
 
 
positive outlook where experts,
such as ETF Securities, suggest
 
that
inflation can take place
 
 
 
whereas negative real
interest
 
 
rates are positive for gold. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 7 

 

Silver ore 

 

 

 

 
Silver has been considered a precious metal for
over 6,000 years. It was used for the first time as
 
 
currency by the Greeks in about 700 B.C. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Here is what makes silver the perfect metal for
 
 
so many sectors boosting its global demand: 

 

 

 

 

 

● Its malleability and ductility. 
● Its characteristic brilliance due to its capacity
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

to reflect light. 

● Its very high electrical conductivity, making silver the favorite metal of the
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

technological industry, along with gold. 

 

 

● Its medical applications, being able, for example, to cross the cell walls of
 
bacteria without damaging human cells, while destroying the reproductive
 
capacity of the former.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The price of silver 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

In the last fifty years, the price of silver
 
 
has quadrupled, from just over $ 4 per
ounce in the early 1970s, to almost $
 
16.5 per ounce today; exceeding in two
 
occasions the amount $ 35 per ounce. 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

What is mining? 

 

 

 

 
Mining is defined as that activity that focuses on the search, exploitation and
 
extraction of minerals, constituting one of the most important tasks within the
 
primary sector of the economy worldwide. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

It is in fact one of the oldest existing activities. The interest in finding and
 
extracting minerals has remained unchanged through the centuries up to our
 
present day.  

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Depending on what type of mineral the mining activity focuses on, one can
 
differentiate between metallic mining - gold, silver or copper, for instance -;
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 8 

 

non-metallic or quarry mining, where materials such as marble or mica are
 
extracted; or energy mining, which extracts fuels such as oil or natural gas. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

There is also what is called green mining which, while carrying out extraction
 
 
activities, minimize environmental hazards. 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mining methods  

Mining activities are divided into open-pit and underground mining. 

 

Open-pit mining 

 

 

 

They focus on the exploitation of minerals through the stripping or removal of
 
vegetation and upper layers of the surface. i.e., part of the soil is removed in
 
order to access deposits buried under it. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

This type of exploitation can be divided into open-pit mining per se, which
 
consists of extracting minerals at great depths, and strip mining, where these
 
are closer to the surface. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Underground mining - Our mines 

Underground mining, or subsoil mining, is based on the construction of tunnels
 
and underground galleries which allow a better access to the minerals. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Galleries are accessed through what is known as ​pitheads​. Underground
 
mining is a much more environmentally friendly activity than open-pit mining. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Underground mining can be divided, in turn, into drift mining, performed in
 
 
horizontal galleries; slope mining, where the galleries are inclined; or shaft
 
 
mining, where the work is carried out vertically. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

A further division can be done depending on the technique of extraction
 
performed in the galleries, which can be by sinking or by what is known as
 
room and pillar. 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 9 

 

The mining life cycle 

In mining there are several work stages. 
 

Discovery, prospecting and exploration 

 

 

 

 

Work in a mine begins with its discovery. Prospecting and exploring focus on
 
finding out if there is any mineral to extract, how much there is and where it is
 
 
located. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

This work is carried out by geologists and engineers, as well as by other
 
specialists in different subjects. They must carry out an exhaustive study of the
 
deposit probability of success, taking into consideration its size and grade, the
 
initial investment, its risks and the project’s strength​. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Exploitation 

 

 

 

 

 
if the deposit is found viable,
 
 

Once the mining company has evaluated the studies and the probabilities of
 
 
 
it begins to plan the extraction,
the project,
 
 
 
reaching investment agreements and looking for possible buyers or investors,
 
among other issues. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Other factors to take into consideration are the kind engineering to be used, its
 
 
costs, the local legislation and environmental regulations in force. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Important concepts  

 

 

 

When making an estimate of resources in order to establish the economic
 
viability of a mining deposit, the more samples obtained within the deposit, the
 
higher the reliability of the estimate. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
Resources are classified according to their degree of reliability, being the the
measured resources ​the most reliable ones. These are defined through
 
samples that are very close to each other, allowing us to confirm with the
 
utmost certainty that the intermediate resources between the samples really
 
exist.  

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 10 

 

 

 

If samples are further detached from each other, the degree of certainty about
 
 
the presence of minerals between samples is reduced, although it can still be
 
 
estimated with some certainty. These are known as ​indicated resources​. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Inferred resources refer to those resources for which there are quantitative
 
estimates based on the geological knowledge of the deposit in question but for
 
which there are still no measurements or samples, or these are scarce and far
 
apart. Hence, the continuity of the deposit between both samples cannot be
 
ensured. Nonetheless these resources can be used to carry out a preliminary
 
economic study. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mining reserves are those mineral resources whose exploitation can be truly
 
demonstrated through a feasibility study performed within a mining project.
 
 
When talking about underground mining, only those mineral resources within
 
the measured and indicated category and which can be exploited through a
 
specific mining method, should be included. 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Probable reserves are those resources of the indicated category that has been
 
 
demonstrated that can be extracted using a determined mining plan. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Green mining  

If mining is not performed correctly, it can cause a significant environmental
 
 
 
impact and a lasting damage over time. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

Mining involves three basic tasks: extraction, transport and processing of
 
minerals. These are divided into sub-tasks such as surface and underground
 
 
 
operations, the use of fertilizers and the construction of structures. This not only
 
affects the environment negatively, it also affects nearby communities, causing
 
a negative impact (pollution, noise, etc.) on the well-being and health of its
 
 
 
inhabitants. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In order
 
environment, green mining has been developed. 

to prevent all
 

 

 

 

these activities from negatively impacting the
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In the case of Colombia this type of exploitation is becoming the main concern
 
 
for companies engaged in the country’s mining. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 11 

 

Green mining focuses mainly on five different aspects: 

 

 

● Seeking community development. ​Concern for the well-being of the local
 
population of the mining areas is essential. Thus, worthwhile employment is
 
promoted, appropriate public structures are developed and communities
 
are offered education and training. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

● Preserving the water. Companies are responsible for not spilling any
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

polluting substances into rivers, aquifers, seas or oceans. 

● Protecting the environment. Maintaining the landscape as it was before
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

the mining activity through the use of techniques such as reforestation. 

● Performing efficient mining activities. ​Taking full advantage of all available
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

technological and human resources. 

● Using renewable energy. ​Taking advantage of this type of sources that aim
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

at preserving the environment. 

 

 

 

 

 
This kind of mining proves that this activity does not necessarily mean the
destruction of everything that surrounds it, but rather, when developed
 
properly, it is beneficial for everyone. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Mining concessions 

 

 

 

 

 
A mining concession can be defined as “the set of rights and obligations that
the State in which the mine is located grants and confers to a natural or legal
 
person or to the nation itself, so that it can carry out activities of exploration and
 
exploitation of the land that has been requested.” 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

In the case of Colombia, its Law 685 of 2001 includes the Mining Code, which
 
establishes that the concession contract signed between the State and another
 
entity also includes the phases of technical exploration, economic exploitation
 
or the mineral benefit, among other issues. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
This concession, as established in Article 61 of the aforementioned law,
in
 
addition to allowing the exploitation of the minerals indicated in the contract,
 
offers the possibility of obtaining benefits from those others that are intimately
 
linked or associated with them, or are obtained as byproducts of the
 
exploitation. 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 12 

 

 

 

 

 

As for its duration, concession contracts are granted for a 30 year-term, from the
 
date of registration of the contract. This duration can be extended in order to
 
 
continue with the exploitation phase. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Within this period, different stages are established:  

- The exploration phase, spanning three years following the registration of
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

the contract;  

- The construction and assembly phase, for the following three years;  
- And the exploitation phase, the remaining time. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
However, an extension of up to two years may be requested in order to
complete or add research and works aimed at establishing the existence of the
 
 
minerals and the technical and economic feasibility of their exploitation. A
further one year extension can be requested for the construction and assembly
 
 
period. 

 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 13 

 

2. ​What is ​InnovaMinex​? 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

is an innovative business model
 
 

that uses blockchain technology to
It
 
 
guarantee the traceability of precious metals. By applying a set of procedures, it
 
 
 
is possible to certify the whole process, from its origin in the mines, to the
 
This
refinery
 
 
commercialization is done through our e-commerce, partner stores and our
 
 
own ATMs. 

 
commercialization
 
 

 
consumer.
 
 

 
 
 
and
 

 
 
the
 

 
the
 

 
to
 

end
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

This will allow buyers to verify the origin of the metal they have acquired,
 
insuring that the extraction is legal, that the environment has been protected at
 
all times, or that it cannot be used for money laundering, since all transactions
 
are registered and the whole community has access to them. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
Our ultimate goal is making gold and other precious metals more accessible to
all the people through our cryptocurrency, INX, obtaining the best possible
 
 
 
price both for our clients and for our community, with emphasis being placed
 
on the transparency and safety of our transactions. 
 
Mining Project 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

So far we have 7 mining projects known internally as GUAYAQUIL, VIZCAYA,
 
BOLÍVAR 2, ANTIOQUIA 3, MINEX 7, MINEX 12 and TOLIMA, which will begin to
 
operate gradually. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
The GUAYAQUIL processing plant is already in the construction and assembly
stage, and gold ore is being collected for further washing and processing. The
 
start of operations will take place in the first months of 2019. The TOLIMA project
 
will be the last one to begin, starting in 2022 with the processing of minerals . 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

All these projects are of underground vein mining kind, i.e., they will extract
 
 
minerals deposited in fissures, cracks or crevices of a rocky body. These minerals
 
are of a different nature to the rocks where they are embedded. Hence, the
mineral of commercial interest is thus extracted directly, causing a minimum
 
impact on the surface where the mine is located. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mining titles are concession contracts with an initial duration of 30 years,
 
renewable for another 30 years. Since the oldest title began in 2008, it can be
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 14 

 

 

 

 
renewed until 2068. The exploitable underground area granted by the titles
 
range from 100 Has. to 600 Has. On the surface the average maximum area
 
 
affected is only 2 Has. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
The first stage of the project - the exploitation of mineral resources - is the
beginning of a productive process that will generate real wealth. Gold, silver
 
and,
in some cases, zinc, will be extracted from the earth along with other
 
 
 
non-commercially interesting minerals. Then they will be processed in a
 
beneficiation plant;
refined (acquiring their highest purity) and later
 
 
transformed into coins and bullions, thus reaching the utmost value. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 ​Vereda Guayaquil gold deposit 

Currently, MinexCorp is working on the Vereda Guayaquil project,
 
municipality of Pensilvania, department of Caldas (Colombia). 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

in the
 

 

 

The importance of mining in this region is so that many international leading
 
mining companies are settled here. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

the
Therefore, with this project
 
 
corporation is called to be a wealth
 
 
generator
based on responsible
 
(with
mining
environment,
 
 
 
citizens and all stakeholders involved
 
 
 
in the project). 

 
the
 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 15 

 

 

 

 

 
 

Thus, MinexCorp, with the support of InnovaMinex, plans to create more than
 
3,500 direct and indirect jobs around this project’s area, having a strong impact,
 
not only on the country’s general economy, but also on the economy and
 
employment of the local rural population. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

the
In addition,
 
 
environment, defends green mining. Therefore the techniques it uses in the
 
extraction of minerals produce a minimum impact on the environment. 

this mining company, aware of
 
 

the need to protect
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Polymetallic mine 

 

 

 
The Vereda Guayaquil mining project, in Colombia, focuses on a polymetallic
mine, that is, a deposit where, in addition to gold, other materials of great value,
 
such as silver and zinc, can be found. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

It consists of three veins: Guayaquil, La Morena and Vizcaya, in which inferred
 
resources of around 900,000 troy ounces of gold are estimated. The initial
 
exploitation target will be carried out on three sections of the Guayaquil vein,
 
with proved reserves of approximately 37,000 Troy ounces. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Why this mine? 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

Everyone knows that Colombia has gone through difficult years due to the
 
 
presence of guerrillas and paramilitary groups on its territory. However, the
recent peace agreement signed with the Government has opened the
 
opportunity to recover mining areas that could not be exploited with
 
since the 1960s (or even before), due to the presence of these
guarantees
 
 
groups outside the rule of law. With the signing of the peace process, these
 
mining titles are now in optimal conditions for a large-scale exploitation. 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Coinciding with the new climate of peace and the final completion of a
 
previously granted mine license, it has been possible to unlock the exploitation
 
and mining extraction of this particular project. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Situation of our first exploitation 

 

 

 

 

Geological reports made by independent professionals have determined proved
 
reserves of around 37,000 troy ounces - measurements made on 2.5 Has-. This
 
calculation has been made by analyzing 347 control samples taken only from a
 
 
small portion of the entire deposit. 

 
   
 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 16 

 

 

 

 

Within the entire territory - while there necessary explorations to find out the
 
total reserves that really exist are still missing- inferred resources of 892,257 troy
 
ounces of gold have been estimated in the three main veins of the mine. 

 
 

 
 

   

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
It should be noted that these estimates have never been performed below the
altitude of 950 m above sea level. It may very well be that in some parts the gold
 
vein extends deeper, and that other sub-veins and derivations that could also
 
contain some more gold reserves have not been considered. 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Production costs 

 

 

 

 

In order to start mining, infrastructures are needed, both for the exploration and
 
 
exploitation periods. However, investments in this aspect can be considerably
 
reduced due to several factors. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
   

A processing plant with a capacity of 100/150 tons per day - that can increase up
 
to 500 tons - has been planned. As revenues are obtained during exploitation,
 
the size of the plant will increase and, consequently, the volume of material that
 
can be processed per day. 

 
 

   

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Another factor that will reduce initial investment costs is the decision to leave
 
the development of certain studies, analysis and sampling for later, when gold is
 
already mined and produced. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Only making decisions like will allow for the reduction of the initial investment
 
and for this project to generate greater benefits that will be shared with the
 
InnovaMinex community. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Security controls 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Security, of both individuals and goods, is governed by what has been set out in
 
the Colombian Mining Law, article 97: "​In the construction of the works and in
 
 
the execution of the exploitation works, measures must be adopted and
maintained, and personnel and material resources must be available to
 
preserve the life and integrity of the persons linked to the company and
 
 
in accordance with current regulations on safety,
possibly of third parties,
 
hygiene and occupational health.​" As an added value,
InnovaMinex will
 
 
commission, whenever necessary, external audits to comply 100% with these
 
 
regulations. 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 17 

 

Companies and licenses 

Innovaminex participates in MinexCorp, this being the majority shareholder of
 
 
Minera Guayaquil SAS, the Colombian company that carries out all exploration  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

and exploitation work. 

 

This company has the rights over the concession of mining titles IF5-11131,
 
IIB-08003X and IIB-08001, which make up a deposit of slightly over 357 Has. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Technical timing and timing for the commencement of works 

Currently exploration work has been completed, hence it is time to start the
 
exploitation phase. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Presently, the working and exploitation plan of the the area has already been
 
granted, and resources such as electricity or running water are readily available. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 18 

 

 

 

 

It is estimated that production will start in the first quarter of 2019. Initially
 
between 100 and 150 tons will be processed per day, steadily growing to reach
 
 
500 tons. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Other mining projects 

 

The VIZCAYA, BOLÍVAR 2, ANTIOQUIA 3, MINEX 7, MINEX 12 and TOLIMA
 
projects total more than 2,500 Has. to be explored. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In the next 5 years, the rehabilitation and construction of the guides will start, as
 
well as the beneficiation plant for the extraction of minerals. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Refinery 

 

 

 

In our refinery we are devoted to the industrialization, manufacture and
 
commercialization of products and derivatives of precious metals. Our raw
 
materials are gold, silver, platinum and other non-ferrous metals. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We are strategically located 10 minutes from José María Córdova Airport, in the
 
 
free-zone of the municipality of Rionegro - Antioquia - Colombia. This area has
been hailed as one of the safest and strictest ones in terms of efficient and
 
 
regulatory compliance. 

   
 

   

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Services and products 

Smelting 

 

It is carried out with induction equipment and gas treatment systems,
 
 
achieving homogenous and clean alloys.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Analysis 

 

X-ray fluorescence (FRX). Using this technique the chemical composition of
 
different metal alloys is determined. This process has become very relevant
 
worldwide because it it is clean, fast and accurate. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Refining  

 

 

Our company’s cutting-edge technology has developed specialized chemical
 
processes - that follow strict international quality standards - that allows us to
 
obtain precious metals of the highest purity. Our customers are sure to receive
 

   
 

   

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 19 

 

 

gold, silver and platinum with a purity of 99.9%, obtained through processes
 
 
that are  responsible and environmentally friendly. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Granulation 

Granulated gold, silver and platinum are produced with feature sizes below 5
 
mm. This allows for a better handling and control of bulk quantities. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Remanufacturing 

 

 

 

 
Using new metal or reusing crucibles or already worn elements, crucibles,
 
saucers and other accessories are remanufactured, thus optimizing initial
 
investments and reducing costs. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Separation 

 

 

 

 

 

It is a delicate process where the precious stones of new or discarded jewels are
 
removed, making sure that the stones will remain in their original state of
 
assembly. This an alternative to the traditional casting method that owners
 
choose when they want to reuse metal. This service is aimed at the jewelry
 
sector. 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Recovering  

 

 

 

Thanks to the innovative processes performed in our refinery, this service helps
 
to minimize the environmental impact of small and medium mining through
 
the recovery of gold and silver from gravimetric concentrates. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In addition to the environmental benefits it represents, the recovery obtained
 
with our technology is much higher than that obtained with mercury. This
 
allows our customers to improve their profitability while being environmentally
 
friendly.  

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Crucibles 

 

 

These are made with pure platinum and alloyed with gold and other precious
 
metals of the same group. We have a high range of references. And we also
 
 
manufacture platinum accessories and tools. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 20 

 

Threads & wires  

 

 

 
 

Threads and wires are produced in platinum, silver and pure gold or in special
 
alloys of different diameters. Straight and cut rods of different lengths are also
 
manufactured. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Salts 

 

 
 

 
We produce salts from gold, silver and platinum that are later transformed into
raw materials for the jewelry, chemical, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, electronic
 
and electroplating industries in general. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Galvanic salts: silver nitrate, silver cyanate, silver-potassium cyanate, gold
 
 
cyanate, silver iodide, silver sulphate. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cryptocurrency casts 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

Our coin casts have a unique quality and variety of metals and alloys, and they
 
can be manufactured according to the specifications of each cryptocurrency
 
that we will design. We base ourselves on this in order to build the best
 
international reputation.  

 
 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Thanks to our experience in smelting, die-cutting, laminating and exhaustive
 
quality procedures, we can satisfy every existing cryptocurrency community. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We will offer a wide range of shapes and sizes, alloys and precious metals (gold,
 
silver, platinum and palladium), either die-cut or not, with or without borders. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
All our coins have all the necessary quality certificates, as well as the histograms
that detail their weight, dimensions, mechanical characteristics and history of
 
the cryptocurrency. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Purchasing and selling metals 

Purchase of metals 

 

 

 
We acquire gold, silver and platinum from legally constituted mining
companies and small traders, which comply with the legal conditions required
 
by the oversight bodies. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 21 

 

 

During the purchasing process we pay attention to every detail from the origin
 
and quality of metals to the safety in transport and storage, all this guaranteed
 
 
by an optimal infrastructure. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Purchases are made according to international prices for metals. However, we
aim to negotiate purchases with our INX Cryptocurrency, demonstrating its
 
benefits. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sale of metals 

 

 

 

 

 

 
We will sale gold, silver and platinum, both nationally and internationally, and
always under the principles of transparency, quality and service. If the purchase
 
of these metals is done with INX, our customers will have exclusive benefits, for
 
example, a better price than if it is done with a fiat currency. 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our goal 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

After some time refining gold with the highest quality guarantees, we are in the
 
process of submitting a formal application to the LBMA (London Bullion Market
 
 
Association) in order to become part of the Good Delivery List. This is a long and
tedious procedure due to the strong demands of the LBMA. However,
 
becoming part of the Good Delivery List, would mean that the refinery would
 
 
have reached extraordinary standards of quality and service, since the LBMA
 
demands a series of very strict requirements to those companies that are part
 
of it or that work with it, both in terms of commercial organization and at the
 
 
technical and quality level. 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 22 

 

E-commerce 

 

 

E-commerce consists mainly in the development of market actions, sales,
 
customer service, portfolio management,
in
 
 
general, any commercial event or exchange of information carried out through
 
 
 
the Internet.  

logistics management and,
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Nowadays, e-commerce has become a very successful tool for the business
 
world thanks to the openness and ease of access to the Internet.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
The advantages obtained in well-developed virtual businesses are, on the one
hand, the globalized market expansion that is achieved and, on the other hand,
 
the speed with which businesses are handled. The innovation and use of new
 
technologies have given way to changes that have improved communications
 
 
with clients and the company. 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Strengths of electronic commerce: 

● Creation of business opportunities and new ways of distributing products
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

and services. 

● Unlimited access to customers in any geographical area. Opening of new
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

markets and expansion within them. 

● Increased competitiveness and quality of service. 
● Rapid response to needs and shorter or non-existent delivery chains, which
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
can in turn lead to a final price reduction. 

 

 

● Better control of clients and orders. 

 

 
 

Thanks to e-commerce anyone can make almost any transaction without
 
leaving home. That is why we want to display a catalog of various gold, silver
 
 
and platinum products, aimed at large cryptocurrency communities. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We will offer 1 g, 2 g, 5 g, and even 1 ozt coins and ingots in order to improve and
   
 
diversify the investment portfolio.   

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 
 

 
The purchase process goes like this: The client selects the currencies he/she is
interested in and initiates the payment process which, for consistency and
 
convenience purposes, must also be done with cryptocurrencies. Although the
 
most relevant part in this purchase process is to be able to do it with INX
 
obtaining discounts. Finally, the order arrives at the client’s home. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 23 

 

 

 

Our online store will use Magento, a leading platform in electronic commerce
 
 
that covers over 30% of the online stores in the market. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The main reasons for choosing Magento e-commerce are:  

 

 

 

 

 
 

● It is the best and strongest e-commerce platform in the market. Its technical
 
 
features are so unique that it can perfectly integrate with all the business
 
processes of a company (ERP),
i.e. Microsoft Dynamics Nav (Navision),
 
 
Axapta, SAP R3, Business One, Sage and SPYRO. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

● The wide variety of available extensions allows our store to be adapted to the
 
latest online shopping trends, allowing for increased profits and providing
 
buyers with a unique shopping experience. All this allows us to develop the
 
B2C (sale to final customer) and B2B (sale between companies) project. 

 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 24 

 

ATMs  

 

 

 
 

ATMs will be designed and manufactured for the
 
purchase and sale of cryptocurrencies,
including
 
 
INX. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Besides cryptocurrencies, gold coins from our
 
different collections can also be purchased, being
 
later delivered to the address the client desires. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Software 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

The software that will be created for ATMs will also
 
 
be used to create modules, extensions and plug-ins
that will be used as payment method in online
 
stores as well as in physical sale points usi. They will
 
 
use INX and bitcoin - among other cryptocurrencies
- as a means of payment, thus providing a high
 
 
added value to our project. 

   

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
We want
to commercialize two ATM models
 
equipped with the latest technological advances
 
 
thefts and computer security. Being
regarding physical security against
 
 
 
 
 
identical in software functionality and bill processing capacity, they will only
 
 
differ in their physical appearance. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

These ATMs are equipped with a double-track bills recycler that will allow users
 
to obtain cryptocurrencies in exchange for their fiat money and to exchange
 
their cryptocurrencies for regular bills. This recycler will accept and dispense
 
banknotes of the world’s main currencies. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
An advanced telematic system will allow our ATMs to be configured, managed
and monitored from any place on the Internet, but always keeping the
 
maximum guarantees of computer security. This will allow us to control all
 
ATMs remotely, and to connect to them any time in order to repair any
 
abnormality in their functioning. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Business profitability is based on the commercial margins applied to the
 
purchasing and selling prices of the different cryptocurrencies. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 25 

 

 

 

 
 

With the help of the community and our ATMs we intend to have at least one
 
cash machine per major city, where it will be possible to buy & sell INX, as well as
 
to deliver our gold and silver coins everywhere. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Gross margin of projects 

 

 

 

 

 
The generation of resources starts with the extraction of minerals from our
mines and their purchase from other external mines, as well as their
 
subsequent refining and commercialization, providing us with an estimate of
 
the following financial data in the next five years: 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Estimate of ​GROSS MARGIN​ on sales 

 ​2018​ ​to​ ​2023 

 

 

 

$ 2​ ​billion 

 

 

$ 300​ ​million 

 

 

$ 1​ ​billion 

Estimated Total: 
$ 3.3 billion 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 26 

 

3. INX:​ ​Our cryptocurrency 
Technical specifications 

Introduction 

 

 

 

 

InnovaMinex is a cryptocurrency aimed at offering seamless utility on both
 
public and selective markets. InnovaMinex has been designed to be easily
 
integrated into several applications such as payment and exchange platforms,
 
and marketplaces. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

InnovaMinex features the new RazielCore algorithm that enables strong
 
 
ASIC-resistance during the initial proof of work start phase and PoS. It also
ensures fairness for miners and investors alike by driving a broad coin
 
distribution and ownership while creating a real-world application. 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Executive summary 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

InnovaMinex has been launched with a focus on the creation of a highly
 
responsive and secure network that will provide a fair environment for all users
 
 
and investors. Aimed at decentralizing coin ownership as much as possible, it
includes an aggressive mining algorithm that targets a 0 proof of stake reward
 
 
and diminishes the opportunity for the development of Application Specific
Integrated Circuit (ASIC) with an accelerated proof-of-work (PoW) phase to
 
keep the blockchain active.  

 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

InnovaMinex prides itself on being a 100% decentralized currency with a driven
 
 
 
concept. The experienced team can only contribute to the development and
 
direction of the coin, just as Bitcoin was initially intended.  

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
The short 1,000 block PoW period safeguards against the development of
 
 
market-disrupting ASIC hardware and for non project members to obtain INX.
Access to ASIC hardware is usually limited due to the cost of creating the
 
 
hardware and ASIC devices for mining. Quite often it carries a very steep price
do to the comparative advantages they provide. Hobbyist miners who might
 
attempt to mine against ASIC miners, would have a significant disadvantage in
 
finding a block. As an example of the disparity between ASIC and GPU mining, a
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 27 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GPU system mining the X11 (DASH) algorithm would produce about 1/100th of
 
the hash rate of the latest Dash ASIC (Bitmain’s D3). InnovaMinex is also more
 
environmentally friendly than other PoW coins since the accelerated PoW
 
phase requires less electricity to complete. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 
InnovaMinex has only two phases of creation. First is pure Proof of Work (PoW)
 
which is used to reach 1,000 blocks and to create a total main supply of 300
 
million INX coins. This is followed by a pure PoS stage that generates a 0 block
 
reward and is only to be used for blockchain movement and the handling of
 
fast transactions.  
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

History of hashing functions 

Skein 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Introduced in 2008, Skein is a cryptographic hashing function family that is
 
secure, fast, and flexible. Skein is an efficient GPU mining algorithm that is
 
 
supported across multiple platforms and is also CPU mineable. It allows for
multiple block-sizes, including 256, 512, and 1.024 bits. Its primary innovation is
 
the ability to build a hash function with an adjustable block cipher (called
 
 
“Threefish”), which allows Skein to “hash configuration data along with the input
text from every block, and make every instance of the compression function
 
unique” (Ferguson, et al. 2.010). The Threefish cipher employs many simple
 
rounds of hashing to maximize security. 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CubeHash 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 
 

Originally submitted to the NIST competition by Daniel Bernstein, CubeHash is
 
 
a cryptographic hash function that, “is parametrized by a pair of positive
 
integers (r, b) with b ≤ 128. CubeHashr/b applies an r-round transformation after
 
each b-byte message block.“ (Bernstein, 2009). CubeHash allows for significant
 
parametric adjustment and is extremely flexible, which allows for the function
 
to operate across a range of computer systems, making it a good choice for
 
GPU-optimized mining.  
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 28 

 

GOST-Streebog 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 
 

Streebog is a cryptographic hash function that is part of the Russian Federal
 
Standard and it employs a multiple-round cipher. Similar to Skein, Streebog will
 
present a significantly altered hash function if the input is only slightly modified
 
due to the avalanche effect. The step hash function maps two 256-bit blocks
 
into one.  

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

It consists of three parts: 
 

Merge v/s Split 

Fugue 

procedure MERGE SPLIT(S) 

Step 1: for i = 1 to N do in parallel 

QUICKSORT (Si) 

end for 

Step 2: for j = 1 to [N/2] do 

(2.1) for i = 1,3,...,2[N/2] - 1 do in parallel 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 29 

 

(i) SEQUENTIAL MERGE (Si, Si+1, Si’) 

(ii) Si ← {s’i, s’2,…,s’2n/N} 

(iii) Si+1 ← {s’(n/N) +1, s’(n/N) +2,…,s’2n/N} 

end for 

(2.2) for I = 2, 4,…,2[(N - 1] do in parallel 

(i) SEQUENTIAL MERGE (Si, Si+1, S’i) 

(ii) Si ← {s’i, s’2,…,s’n/N} 

(iii) Si+1 ← {s’(n/N) +1, s’(n/N) +2,…,s’2n/N} 

 

Fugue 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

Fugue is a hashing function that supports “variable length inputs” (Halevi et al,
 
2009) that was originally submitted by IBM to the NIST competition. Fugue can
 
 
be implemented in many environments and is resistant to multiple current
attack techniques (Halevi et al, 2009). Fugue’s flexibility and attack resistance
 
 
made it a strong choice for its inclusion into the RazielCore algorithm. 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

RazielCore algorithm 

 

 

 

The algorithm is comprised of four intensive algorithms and includes DGW
 
adjustment though is was not required in case of InnovaMinex. The algorithms
 
 
included are: 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

* Skein 
* CubeHash 
* Fugue 
* GOST-Streebog 

 

 
This combination increases the overall security of the INX network since it
 
requires any potential attackers
to overcome an extremely complex
 
 
cryptographic hashing function. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 30 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
With an average 2-minute block time and 10 confirmations required for full
maturity for peer-2-peer transaction, INX can be used instantly after just 1
 
confirmation and is transferable immediately by the recipient. Quite a strong
 
 
contrast when compared with Bitcoin, which typically requires 3 confirmations
with a block time of 10 minutes, meaning full maturity is usually achieved after a
 
 
 
lengthy 30 minute transaction delay. Bitcoin’s transaction time make it less
 
ideal
for merchants unless an intermediary third party is employed to
 
 
guarantee transactions before they are fully confirmed by the network. INX’s
 
accelerated maturity and transaction speed is more than ideal for merchants
 
that can use them for customer payments. This will also enable the possibility to
 
connect debit and credit card transactions directly with the INX network at a
 
future date. 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Distribution 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 

InnovaMinex main supply is created in the first 1.000 blocks of pure Proof of
 
Work phase, never exceeding above 300 Million. This will be followed by a split
 
of INX in two wallets. The main cold wallets will only carry the main supply of
 
INX in the hands of the company while the secondary wallet will have a
 
 
minimum supply just for pure Proof of Stake, which is required for blockchain
movement. The blockchain will have security against hijacking and a good node
 
network for immediate transactions without a second delay and a fast
 
confirmation time.  
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

InnovaMinex Thunder Network  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 
 

INX Thunder Network (TTX) is a geographically distributed group of transaction
 
 
 
processing nodes which works together
forwarding of
 
transaction information on INX blockchain. TTX allows for the quick transfer of
 
 
information needed for transaction relaying, forwarding or blockchain storage.
 
 
Similar to Bitcoin Lightening network by logic, but different in network design,
TTX not only speeds up the blockchain but also provides a very safe mode of
 
blockchain attacks mitigation. 

 
to provide fast
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 31 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
At its core, TTX is a network of servers linked together with the goal of
forwarding and distributing transactions as quickly and securely as possible. In
 
order to improve speed and connectivity, INX will place servers at the exchange
 
 
points between different networks. These Internet exchange points (IXPs) are
the primary locations where different Internet providers connect in order to
 
provide each other with access to traffic originating on their different networks.
 
 
By having a connection to these high speed and highly interconnected
locations, TTX reduces transit times and protects user investments by keeping
 
the blockchain redundant and secure. 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

When a transaction is made or created, it immediately gets broadcasted across
 
 
the INX Thunder Network. Each INX block carries transaction information that
includes transfers and Proof of Stake mined block information. The number of
 
total confirmations required to achieve a confirmed state on the INX network is
 
10 confirmations. Each transaction must achieve 10 confirmations to prevent
 
double spending. Why is there a need to have 10 confirmations instead of 6
 
standard confirmations? Because of the following blockchain attacks. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1. Race attack 

2. Finney attack 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 32 

 

3. Vector76 attack 

4. Alternative history attack 

 

Details of such attacks can be seen in the following URL: 

https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Irreversible_Transactions  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Similarly, the Proof of Stake transactions must acquire 60 confirmations to keep
 
the blockchain movement. This measure is used to prevent inflation and to
 
 
maintain a strict INX coin supply. A large amount of INX coin holder can take
advantage of 1% stake reward and utilize it by selling it to an exchange or third
 
party. The high number of confirmation count for PoS reward discourages that
 
application. 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GitHub: ​https://github.com/innovaminex 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 33 

 

Key Advantages of InnovaMinex  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

Blokchain:
​The best and most advanced technology providing complete
 
 
information on traceability from the extraction of precious metals to their
 
commercialization. 
Transparency and immutability: ​All INX transactions are publicly visible and
 
 
immutable for the whole community. They cannot be either altered or deleted. 
Faster speed: ​Interbank transactions usually take several days before they are
 
cleared and settled. INX work 24/7, reducing transaction times to just minutes. 
Low-cost: ​By eliminating traders and third parties, we also get rid of overhead
 
costs. That is how InnovaMinex is able to significantly reduce transaction fees. 
Safety and integrity:
 
​Users can rely on the fact that transactions will be
 
 
conducted in an invulnerable, automatic and trustworthy way, removing the
 
need to trust in third parties. 
Quality traceability:
 
 
complete, consistent, precise and publicly available. 
Market:
 
 
purchase of gold and precious metals. 
INX:
 
industry. 
 
INX Utility 
By using our cryptocurrency you will get the following benefits: 
  
Mines: We encourage our clients to purchase with INX, offering them more
 
 
benefits and discounts. 

​Our cryptocurrency will rank first in the mining and precious metals
 

​InnovaMinex is the safest and the most cost-effective option for the
 

​The certification performed by our blockchain will be
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Refinery: We have the first
 
refinery that accepts payments with a
 
cryptocurrency. We participate on the integration of our system offering the
 
 
best prices to our clients. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

E-commerce: ​INX will be the preferential currency on our on-line store. The best
 
discounts and fees on precious metals will be obtained here.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Exchange: INX will be present in several exchange platforms, where it will be
 
 
possible to buy, sell or exchange it for other digital currency or fiat money. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ATMs: ​It will also be possible to purchase or sale INX in our points of sale and
 
 
ATMs. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 34 

 

Participant stores: ​INX will be able to be used for payments in major platforms
 
 
and in small partner stores. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
Loyalty Program 
 
We offer our clients highly attractive and distinctive advantages and incentives.
 
 
In this way we will manage to maintain a long-term relationship with them
while increasing our community, thus enabling us to become the leading
 
e-commerce in gold and precious metals worldwide. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In InnovaMinex we will reward the loyalty of our clients by quarterly investing
 
 
25% of their benefits in the loyalty program.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

​Our clients will receive exclusive information on the
Exclusive information:
 
 
interest rates of the gold and precious metals market, and their relationship
 
 
with the world of cryptocurrencies. We will also produce information materials
 
such as guides, tools and exclusive contents related to our products. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

​Our clients will receive discount vouchers exchangeable in our
Promotions:
 
 
e-commerce for any gold and precious metal products present in our
 
 
catalogue. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Discounts:
 
​U​sers who make use of INX in any of our business chain points
 
(mines, refinery, e-commerce or crypto-cashiers) and participating businesses,
 
 
will enjoy important discounts, as well as other possible advantages. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
certify
 

the whole process
 

 
and guarantee
 

 
We will create a large INX Community, so we will be able to offer what we can
 
call an early catalog offer (promotions), eliminating the costs of intermediaries
 
and, therefore, offering more attractive prices (discounts), thanks to the control
 
of the entire business chain of precious metals, as well as to the implementation
 
 
 
of the flow of all processes through our blockchain, which in addition will serve
 
to
exploitation and
 
 
commercialization of our precious metals. 
 
Therefore, we will stand out as one of the most attractive "Utility Token"
 
 
within the wide universe of cryptocurrencies. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
of
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 35 

 

 
INX Value 
Just like any digital asset that takes off, we want to strengthen the value of our
 
cryptocurrency, i.e., we want to generate demand and work in such a way so
 
that it will enjoy constant growth in a stable and secure way. Here are the main
 
keys of INX that will allow us to reach such objectives: 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1. Through our fidelity program, InnovaMinex will distribute discount coupons
 
exchangeable for our gold and precious metal products among the owners
 
of INX that have supported the project. This means that ​INX ALREADY HAS
 
A VALUE ALL BY ITSELF, as opposed to many other cryptocurrencies that
 
do not offer anything extra when keeping them in a portfolio. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2. GOLD DEMAND ALREADY EXISTS! Thus, we do not need to generate any
 
demand. Other crytpocurrencies need to inform and convince investors that
 
 
they are an interesting investment. Gold does not need to convince anyone.
Gold means security and its demand increases steadily, independently of
 
the economic scenario. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

3. To this demand to have to add the fact that ​we offer important discounts
 
to whomever purchases our precious metals with INX​. Large corporations,
 
 
financial institutions and governments, or small companies and final clients
alike will acquire gold at the best possible price – besides being the purest
 
and of the highest quality – if they do so through INX. 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

All this turns INX into a very sought-after digital asset both by consumers
 
and savers.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
INX Details 
 
InnovaMinex has created a 100% decentralized cryptocurrency stemming from
 
a technologically thriving concept, and an experienced team that actively
 
 
contributes to the development of the currency. These two factors are already
 
 
attracting many users around the world. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

• Type: Utility Token. 

• Symbol: INX. 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 36 

 

• Decimals: 6 (0.000001 INX). 

• Volume: 300 million INX. 

• Price: $ 0,50 = 1 INX. 

• Technology: Own blockchain. 

• Soft Cap: The amount in cryptocurrencies is equivalent to $ 10,000,000. 

• Hard Cap: The amount in cryptocurrencies is equivalent to $ 52,500,000. 

• Min. Personal Purchase: 1 INX. 

• Max. Personal Purchase: No limit. 

• Accepted cryptocurrencies: BTC, BCH, ETH, LTC, DASH, ETC, USDT, XRP. 

• Whitelist: Yes, starting from Nov/26/2018. 

· Know Your Customer (KYC): Yes. 

 

 
During the Whitelist, potential INX purchasers are able to complete the KYC
process in order to purchase the INX. All participants must provide their
 
personal information to receive their INX to their personal InnovaMinex wallet. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
INX Distribution 
Distribution will be as follows: 

 

20% InnovaMinex project​: 60 million coins will go to the project, distributed
 
 
among marketing and legal departments and partners. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

10% Development​: 30 million coins will go to the project developer team, from
 
the initial phases to the completion of the sale. This team includes advisors and
 
 
external companies that have bet on our project. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

70% Sale:​ 210 million coins will be allocated to the initial offer. 

 

The total emission of INX will be ​300,000,000​. A minimum amount of new INX
 
will be generated due to Proof of Stake (PoS) rewards. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

All unsold INX will be blocked until ​January 26th, 2020 (1 year after the end of
 
 
the sale of INX). 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
From this date onwards, 10% of all unsold INX will be unblocked and placed in
 
the market. (Henceforth and successively 10% of the remaining INX will be
unblocked every year). The profits obtained up to 1 dollar for every INX will be
 

 
   

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 37 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

used to finance our social projects. The remaining profits will be used for our
 
 
loyalty program. 
INX Sales 
Phase 1 
Duration: ​2 weeks.​    Beginning: ​Nov. 26th, 2018. 
Limit: Up to 210 million INX. 
Bonus:​  30% discount. 
  
Phase 2* 
Duration:​ 2 weeks.​    Beginning: ​Dic. 10th, 2018. 
Limit: Up to 210 million INX. 
Bonus:​  24% discount.  
 
Phase 3* 
Duration:​ 2 weeks.​    Beginning: ​Dic. 24th, 2018. 
Limit: Up to 210 million INX. 
Bonus:​  16% discount. 
  
Phase 4* 
Duration:​ 2 weeks.​    Beginning: ​Jan. 7th, 2019. 
Limit: Up to 210 million INX. 
Bonus:​ ​10% discount. 
  
Final Phase* 
Duration:​ 5 days.​    Beginning: ​Jan. 22nd , 2019. 
Limit: Up to 210 million INX. 
Bonus:​ ​--- 
 
Special Gift: ​Every user who purchases from 14,000 INX onwards, will receive a
 
 
unique limited-edition and numbered InnovaMinex 100 g sterling silver ingot. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 38 

 

 

(*) Only if the 210 million INX have not been sold in previous phases. 
Funds Use 
75 % Project. ​It will be destined for the execution of the project; mines, refinery,
 
 
e-commerce and ATMs. All projects will have external audits for their proper
 
functioning and they will be published for our community. 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

19 % InnovaMinex.
It is intended for marketing and innovation in the
 
 
development, customer support and legal advice departments by country. It
 
will also go to for customer service, partners, and other staff, as well as for the
 
 
proper functioning of InnovaMinex over the next 5 years. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

5 % Others. ​For unforeseen expenses that may happen. 

 

1 % Social project. At InnovaMinex we have a strong commitment to the
 
 
development of the communities surrounding the mining project.   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 39 

 

 ​4. ​Road Map 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

2013 - 2017​ ​- Searching for mining prospects 
The result was more satisfactory than expected, and a database of 72 mine
 
owners was obtained. This allowed us to focus our attention on 18 mine owners
 
who had projects and/or studies, that fitted the minimum requirements to start
 
negotiations. Currently, there is direct investment in the Guayaquil and Vizcaya
 
mining projects, both of which are in different stages, 5 projects have been
 
signed and are in the financing phase and others are in the negotiation phase. 

 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

July - September 2018 ​- Assembly of the processing plant 
Start of the assembly plant of the Guayaquil project plant and of additional
 
explorations in the Vizcaya project. The hoarding of minerals begins. 
 
October 2018​ ​- INX sales launch 
INX sales is officially launched. 
 
December 2018 - January 2019 ​- Exchange and associated ATMs 
 
The negotiation will begin with the different exchange platforms and ATMs
 
where INX can be exchanged and acquired. At present these agreements are
 
very advanced. 
 
January 2019​ - E-commerce opening 
Our electronic commerce for the sale of gold and silver is launched. (Launch of
 
 
the marketing campaign to create awareness for our innovative products). 
 
February 2019​ - Refinery 
The refining of gold proceeding from third-party mines starts. 
 
Abril 2019​ - Bolívar 2 
Beginning of assembly of the "Bolívar 2" project plant. 
 
Abril 2019​ - InnovaMinex ATM’s 
Precious metals commercialization and start-up of the first ATMs selling gold,
 
INX and other cryptocurrencies. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 40 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 
May 2019​ - Vizcaya Project opening 
Opening of the mine entrance of the Vizcaya project and hoarding of minerals. 
 
June 2019​ - “Guayaquil” and “Bolívar 2” projects 
 
 
The plant of the “Guayaquil 1” project’s starts operating and the construction of
beneficiation plant of the “Bolívar 2” project begins,
in addition to mineral
 
 
hoarding. 
 
August 2019 ​- “Vizcaya” and “Antioquia 3” projects 
The assembly of the beneficiation plant of the “Vizcaya” project starts. The
 
rehabilitation and construction of the main galleries of the “Antioquia 3” project
 
begins. 
 
September 2019 ​- Commercialization of our precious metals 
Commercializing of our gold and precious metals, processed by our refinery. 
 
January - May 2020​ ​- Beginning of “Minex 7” and “Minex 12” projects 
The extraction and stockpiling of mineral of “Minex 7” begins, as well as the
 
construction of the main galleries, extraction and stockpiling of minerals in
 
“Minex 12”. 
 
June - July 2020​ ​- “Antioquía 3” and “Minex 7” projects 
The beneficiation plant of “Antioquía 3” begins operations, and the construction
 
of the “Minex 7” plant starts. 
 
February - September 2021​ - “Minex 7”, “Minex 12” and “Tolima” projects 
 
The “Minex 7” work plant starts operating, the construction of the “Minex 12”
beneficiation plant commences, and the hoarding and construction of the main
 
tunnels of  the “Tolima” project begins. 
 
March - October 2022​ - “Tolima” project  
Beginning of the work plant of the “Tolima” project. 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 41 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 42 

 

5. ​Us 
Team 
Our team has created several successful companies, made profitable 
investments and managed a fund with high returns for the investors. 
 
 

FERNANDO GARCÍA SANZ / ​CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

DAVID OLAYA BETANCOURT / ​LEGAL DIRECTOR 

RAFAEL ENRÍQUEZ / ​DIRECTOR OF INNOVATION 

 

PACO DE BENITO / ​COMMUNICATIONS AND SOCIAL ACTIVITY 

FRANCISCO MONTERO / ​STRATEGY DIRECTOR 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 43 

 

JULIO PÉREZ-TOMÉ ROMÁN / ​MARKETING DIRECTOR 

JAIME KRAHE / ​TRADE MANAGER 

RAÚL BERLANGA / ​FINANCIAL DIRECTOR 

JAIME VALERO / ​CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER 

VINCENZO GIORGIONI / ​INSTITUTIONAL RELATIONS DIRECTOR 

IVÁN GARCÍA / ​CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER  

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 44 

 

IGNACIO NAVEILHAN / ​FULL-STACK DEVELOPER 

RAFA PÁEZ / ​BRAND MANAGER 

RICHARD O’ROURKE / ​RESPONSIBLE ENGLISH MARKET 

JHON FREDY GARCÍA RAMÍREZ / ​MINING SPECIALIST 

OCTAVIO SÁNCHEZ CATAÑO / ​GEOLOGIST - MINING COUNSELLOR 

JOSE DAVID PÉREZ CASTRILLÓN / ​MINING SPECIALIST 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 45 

 

ANDREAS OTI NILSSON / ​MARKET ANALYST  

MANUEL DEL PALACIO / ​DATA PROTECTION DELEGATE 

NÉSTOR PAVÓN CERCAS / ​BUSINESS ANALYST 

SAMANTHA ARANDA BENDICHO / ​BENELUX AMBASSADOR 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 46 

 

Advisors & ambassadors 
   

KATE BUBLIK / ​MARKETING ADVISOR 

MOHAMMED ALSEHLI / ​BLOCKCHAIN ADVISOR 

 
 
 
Partners 

 

Ambassadors 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 47 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

To be able to enjoy the rank of Ambassador, you have to fulfill some of the
 
representation, communications, relationships and sales requisites. The final
 
decision, for anyone to be an InnovaMinex Ambassador in a certain area,
 
 
corresponds to the company. 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The main skills valued by the company for someone to become an Ambassador,
 
can be divided into two groups: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Creation and consolidation of communities 

- Great negotiation skills. 
- Contacts in the blockchain community. 
- Excellent public speaking abilities. 
 

Strategic connections & alliances 

- Connections with senior executives. 
- Connections with investors. 
- Connections with Governments. 
 
Not all the skills mentioned above are required, only some of them. 

Ambassadors will receive INX and other benefits for the growth of their network
 
and zone, according to different concepts. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We will select one or several ​Ambassadors for each country. Their trial period
 
will be 3 months.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 48 

 

6. Social​ ​Project 

 

 

At InnovaMinex we are strongly committed to the development of the
 
communities neighboring the mining project. In the coming years we will work
 
closely with the community for them to obtain short and long-term benefits. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Currently, we already have some visible projects, such as:  

● Reconstruction of the school and access road in the village of Pueblo Nuevo. 
● Long-distance education programs for the community (scholarships for 500
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

training courses). 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

● Supply of Internet and computers in some areas lacking them, as part of the
 

 
social plan to promote the development of those communities. 
 

● Pennsylvania honey coffee. This artisanal type of coffee called honey coffe,
 
originally coming from Pennsylvania is obtained by not washing the coffee
 
after pulping. The mucilage is impregnated in the shell, and during the
 
drying process this mucilage highlights its characteristic taste into the grain.  

 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Part of the financing obtained with the ICO will be put aside to continue
 
supporting the development of the area in which our mines are located.
 
Among the projects we want to start up, there is a business incubator, out of
 
which we can finance many business ideas raised by the inhabitants of the
 
communities around our mines. 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WhitePaper 3.2​ - ​Updated: 2018/11/26 ​ - 49 

